[Music]
see I have made you as God to Pharaoh
and Aaron your brother shall be your
prophet you shall speak all that I
command him and Aaron your brother shall
tell Pharaoh to send the children of
Israel out of his land and I will harden
Pharaoh's heart and multiply my signs
and my wonders in the land of Egypt but
Pharaoh will not heed you so that I may
lay my hand on Egypt and bring my armies
and my people the children of Israel out
of the land of Egypt by great judgments
and the Egyptians shall know that I am
the Lord when I stretch out my hand on
Egypt and bring out the children of
Israel from among them then Moses and
Aaron did so just as the LORD commanded
them so they did then Moses was 80 years
old and Aaron 83 years old when they
spoke to fear then the Lord spoke to
Moses and Aaron when Pharaoh speaks to
you saying show a miracle for yourselves
then you shall say to Aaron take your
rod and cast it before Pharaoh
and let it become a sound so Moses and
Aaron went into Pharaoh and they did
soon just as the LORD commanded and
Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh
had before his servants and it became a
sin but fellow also called the wise man
and the sorcerers so the magician's of
Egypt they also didn't like manner with
their in chapters every man threw down
his rod and they became serpents but
Aaron's rod swallowed out there and
Pharaohs heart grew hot and he did not
heat them as the Lord had said so the
Lord said to Moses Pharaoh's heart is
hard he refuses to let the people go go
to Pharaoh in the morning when he goes
out to the water and you shall stand by
the rivers bank to meet him and the rod
which was turned to a serpent you shall
take in your hand and you shall say to
him the Lord God of the Hebrews has sent
me to you saying let my people go that
they may serve me in the wilderness but
indeed until now you would not hear thus
says the Lord by this you shall know
that i am the lord behold i will strike
the waters which are in the river with
the rod that is in my hand and they
shall be turned to blood and the fish
that are in the river shall die the
river shall stink and the egyptians were
loath to drink the water of the
and the Lord spoke to Moses say to Aaron
take your rod and stretch out your hand
over the waters of Egypt over their
streams over their rivers over their
ponds and over all their pools of water
that they may become blood and there
shall be blood throughout all the land
of Egypt both in buckets of wood and
pictures of stone Moses and Aaron did
sir
just as the Lord command so he lifted up
the rod and struck the waters that were
in the river in the sight of Pharaoh and
in the sight of his servants
and all the waters that were in the
river but turned to the fish that we're
in the river
dye the river stank and the Egyptians
could not drink the water of the river
so there was blood throughout all the
land of Egypt then the magician's of
Egypt did so with their enchantments and
Pharaohs heart grew hard and he did not
heed them as the Lord had said and
Pharaoh
turned and went into his house neither
was his heart
move
so all the Egyptians d'argo all around
the river for water to drink because
they could not drink the water of the
river and seven days passed after the
Lord had struck the river
you